Rails with VSCode Database Creation 1/?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF8caVyDi5g&list=PLCC34OHNcOtrk3BDsfZwf4GattdLoKCOF- Codemy series on building first web app playlist

Most web and mobile app UIs (user interfaces) use a MVC: Model-View-Controller design architecture
Models - databases
Views - webpages
Controller - dictates logic, mainly code
Each component of a MVC is loosely coupled - they act independently of each other, allowing developers to modify one component without affecting the others, keeping organization simple and maintenance easier. 
	E.G. Programmers can fix a bug in the view without changing the model or controller code
C.R.U.D. - Create, Read, Update, Delete/Destroy
Nearly every website uses CRUD in some way 
	E.G. Facebook: create post, reading someone's post, updating your post, deleting your post
CRUD uses scaffolding, a technique used to generate views and controllers based on the model present in the app		$ rails g scaffold <name> in Ubuntu to make new scaffold	
Quotes table:
Allows user to save the forms filled out on the site and eventually turn them into prospects. This table must persist all required fields.
Users table:
Allows users to authenticate. This table is responsible for keeping authentication data such as email, encrypted password, token, etc.
Employees table:
Allows user to reserve a section of the site only to authenticated users. When a user authenticates, they are attached to an "Employee" profile and have access to information specific to them. The table will collect the following fields at first to designate an employee:
User ID
Last Name
First name
Title or Function
For Employees table:	
	rails g scaffold Rocket_Elevators_Information_System user_id:string last_name:string 		first_name:string title:string email:string
*Rails by default doesn't use plurals in naming conventions*

Newly generated databases with Rails will populate the db folder with a folder called migrate, housing a migration which holds the information of the database


